Instructions to retrieve keystore pwd (#84340)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/setup/install/security-files-reference.asciidoc

`transport.p12`::
Keystore that contains the key and certificate for the transport layer for all
the nodes in your cluster.

> The PKCS#12 keystores `http.p12` and `transport.p12` are password protected and
> the passwords are stored as <<secure-settings,secure settings>>. You can retrieve
> the passwords so that you can inspect or change the keystore contents using
> `bin/elasticsearch-keystore`.

Reviewer: Some non-blocking wording suggestions to avoid passive voice:
```suggestion
`http.p12` and `transport.p12` are password-protected PKCS#12 keystores. {es}
stores the passwords for these keystores as  <<secure-settings,secure
settings>>. To retrieve the passwords so that you can inspect or change the
keystore contents, use the
<<elasticsearch-keystore,`bin/elasticsearch-keystore`>> tool.
```

Use the following command to retrieve the password for `transport.p12`:
[source,sh]
-------------------------
bin/elasticsearch-keystore show xpack.security.transport.ssl.keystore.secure_password
-------------------------

Use the following command to retrieve the password for `http.p12`:
[source,sh]
-------------------------
bin/elasticsearch-keystore show xpack.security.http.ssl.keystore.secure_password

> -------------------------

Author: On mobile but I’ll make the change later, makes sense!
